A module for people who don't like zombies.

Read David Langford's [BLIT](https://www.infinityplus.co.uk/stories/blit.htm).
Seriously, go read it and then come back.

Procedurally generated mind-destroying images, weaponized in every medium
capable of displaying them. They can be spraypainted on subway station walls,
flashed on webpages in the form of banner ads, embroidered on the backs of
hoodies and jackets, etc.

Within a second of seeing one, your visual processing center short-circuits. You
fall, frothing and seizing to the ground in a grand mal seizure. Maybe you catch
only a partial glimpse of one, and it melts part of your mind away, causing a
random aphasia or agnosia. 

Cool stuff.

# Setting

You are going about a perfectly normal day, and decided to stop at a Starbucks
for coffee. 

You have no idea that in about 5 minutes, a BLIT will be injected into the wifi
network to be exposed to everyone looking at a website. Most will go into
violent seizures. Some may start biting their own hands. A few may throw their
phones to the ground and launch themselves mouth-first at the nearest person.

You order a coffee. Tick.

You see a person you know and sit down next to them. Tick.

You engage in some small talk, etc. Tick.

And then the screaming starts.

# BLIT Move

When a BLIT is in your field of view, roll+Cool.

- 10+: You saccade past it, or it's temporarily obscured. You don't get
  affected.
- 7-9: You catch a partial glimpse of it. Pick one aphasia, agnosia, or delusion
  from the list. Several will apply a -1 forward modifier. Add 1 point to BLIT
  Theory
- 6-: You see the BLIT well enough for it to paint your cerebral cortex. The GM
  can make a move.

TODO: Make a list of agnosias/aphasias

# BLIT Damage

Each partial glimpse of a BLIT, you acquire an aphasia or agnosia. You can have
up to 4 before you become incapable of pretty much anything. 

So, in addition to your Harm Clock, you have an AA Clock that's just divided
into hemispheres. When it fills, your brain has been burned too badly to
continue.

You can't heal BLIT damage, it causes permanent neurological trauma. However,
when you receive BLIT damage you get a +1 Hold on BLIT Theory. You can spend it
by asking the GM why you only got partially affected. The answer may help you
figure out to how avoid future exposure.

# Line of Sight

Because BLITs depend on seeing them, line of sight is extremely important to
track. You're probably going to want to use Roll20 or similar to be able to
track what your players can see at any time. I'm not actually sure how to best
model POV in a way that doesn't become tedious and overly mechanical.

# BLIT victims

Everyone who is exposed to a BLIT either dies instantly, or acquires a cluster
of agnosias and aphasias that makes them interesting to interact with. Not
everyone becomes a violent sprinting Cell zombie, but maybe some do. What do you
do with the 50 year old guy who's sobbing in terror because he can't perceive
faces, or his granddaughter who suddenly has Cotard's Delusion and is shrieking
in horror at her own rotting body? What do you do about the barista who is
violently brandishing a knife at people she perceives to be somehow *off*,
somehow not quite human anymore?

This is not a zombie game. Sure, someone may try to tear out your throat, but in
their defense maybe they were absolutely convinced that you were trying to kill
them. 
