Think of Fronts as layered. Make an immediate, small scale one, a larger one,
and a general one. A threat measured in seconds, one measured in minutes, one
measured in hours. 

Think of a clock with seconds, minutes, and hours. Always keep in mind that
there's a bigger threat that the one being immediately faced, a threat that
addressing the current one will not protect against. Players should get the
distinct impression that even if they survive the next minute, that's no
guarantee they'll survive the next hour.

Your players are in a supermarket when a car barrels through the large windows,
plows through several people and cash registers, and comes to a stop. Someone's
legs are wildly flailing from the driver's side window. The windshield is opaque
with blood. 

You could define your Fronts this way:

- Immediate front: in about a minute the store's going to be absolute chaos, the
  entrances/exits will be blocked by the crowd, and there's gonna be some
  zombies. Each action that doesn't involve getting the fuck out is going to
  push that clock. This clock is measured in seconds.

- Local front: that car crash isn't an isolated incident. There's going to be
  more chaos when your players get outside. Part of that chaos will be traffic
  jams. The longer it takes for them to get outside, the more impassable the
  roads will be. This clock is measured in minutes.

- General front: Every road's a buffet. Wherever there are people now, in about
  an hour that's where the zombies are going to be. Depending on population
  density, that means wherever your characters are right now are going to get
  overrun sooner or later. This clock is measured in hours.

# Threat Clock

So, the threat clock has a seconds hand, minutes hand, and an hour hand. The
problem is that actually implementing this mechanically will be distracting. You
want the GM to be focused on the narrative, not moving the hands on a clock or
doing math to subtract points from time to figure out where a dial should be.
And you certainly don't want the GM to be thinking about what should be
happening 6 hours from now instead of finding out what's going to happen in the
next minute.

Fortunately, you don't have to. The only prep you need is to have an idea of the
local front and the general front. Write them down somewhere. There, they are
now part of the apocalyptica you are barfing. They are part of the world now.

Instead of the threat clock being a mechanic, it's just a mindset that you, the
GM, have to be in. One of the GM Agendas is to make the world more chaotic and
dangerous over time. You should already be thinking in terms of immediate versus
longer term threats.

Basically, come up with whatever *you* need in order to help you set up this
tension. No equation I throw at you for the partial derivative of luck with
respect to time divided by doom, will work for everyone. Just come up with some
way to keep these in mind. Whether it's index cards, a literal clockface,
whatever. The exact mechanic doesn't matter as much as what it accomplishes:
helping you make the world more chaotic and dangerous for the players.
