# The basics

To do it, do it. When what you're doing triggers a move, you'll be asked to
roll 2d6 plus a modifier. 

Moves are triggered when there's a consequence or cost to making the wrong
decision, when they can fail interestingly. If there's no chance of failure
(stabbing a defenseless person) or success (persuading someone to give you all
their clothes and then jump into a swarm of zombies as bait), the GM can tell
you there's no need to roll for it. It'll either obviously succeed or inevitably
fail. Rolling a 12+ means you do something possible to do, exceptionally well.
It doesn't mean you do the impossible. At the same time, rolling a 1 (2 with a
-1 forward) doesn't mean you accidentally get killed Final Destination style. It
just means the GM makes what'll probably be a Hard Move. You'll get a hang of
this pretty quickly.


- 10+: success
- 7-9: success at a cost ("here's three options. Pick two.")
- 6-: failure, and the GM pulls a Move.

# Combat considered harmful

The only combat-specific move is Punching Zombies Considered Harmful, and it's
only triggered when a zombie is trying to rip your face off. That's because it
actually deserves a roll. Trying to snipe zombies from a roof-top? Go ahead, no
need to roll dice for that. Well, except that you're gonna have to roll Risk it
All for each shot, to see what the odds of the gunshots attracting a whole horde
to you are. But the actual shooting? Go ahead until you run out of bullets if
you want. It really doesn't matter.

What about doing a punch on other humans? That's just a Risk it All roll which
can trigger a hard GM move. Or a Freak Em Out move followed by a Risk it All
move, either of which can end with you bleeding out. 

Basically, if it's a type of violence that's worth rolling for, it's probably
not gonna end well. Try to not get into situations where you have to punch
zombies.

# Basic moves

All PC's have some basic moves they can do.

- Risk It All, relevant stat. When you have to ignore danger to accomplish
  something. 

  On result:
    - 10+: you accomplish it
    - 7-9: You succeed, but stumble, fumble, or freeze. GM gives you a hard
      choice or worse outcome
    - 6-: GM makes a move

- Punching Zombies Considered Harmful, Reckless. When a zombie's trying to eat
  you. Maybe you just try to push the thing off you, or maybe you whack it with
  a handy bat or something. Either way, it is trying to sink its teeth in you
  and you're trying to avoid this.

   On result:
     - 10+: You deal damage, avoid attack
     - 7-9: You deal damage, but are exposed to attack
     - 6-: GM makes a move
     
   Note: I'd prefer to de-emphasize punching zombies, or somehow indicate that
   it is a very bad idea to try to punch a zombie. Either by adding fictional
   positioning where say at Melee Range the GM *has* to pull a very hard move on
   failure, or by generalizing the move to all the ways one can get out of the
   situation alive, not just ones that involve punching a zombie.

- Check it Out, Cool. When searching a room, etc. This isn't just
  looking, it's wandering around and such *when there's a consequence of not
  knowing the answers*.
  
   On result:
     - 10+: Pick 3 questions to ask GM
     - 7-9: Pick 1
     - 6-: GM can fuck with you


   Questions you can ask:
     - What happened here recently?
     - Where are the entrances and exits?
     - What's the most dangerous threat here?
     - What should I be wary of?
     - Which threat should I address first?
     - What's useful to me?

- Hack it, McGuyver. When you try to repair or build something.

    On result:
    - 10+: You succeed
    - 7-9: You succeed, but either waste materials or make it badly
    - 6-: You fail, and GM makes a move
    
- Heal it, Cool. When you try to fix a wound.
   
   On result:
    - 10+: all 3
    - 7-9: Pick 1
    - 6-: GM makes a move

   Choose between:
    - Stop bleeding
    - Reduce pain
    - Protect against further damage or infection

- Persuade, Cool (or Genre-savviness where appropriate). When you persuade
  someone of something, or try to convince them that your genre-savvy plan is
  safer.

   On result:
     - 10+: You convince them
     - 7-9: You partially convince them, or they get part of it wrong
     - 6-: You fail to convince them, and GM can fuck with you

- Freak em out, Hot. When you intimidate another person.

   On result:
     - 10+: They do what you want
     - 7-9: They do what you want, but at a cost (or partially)
     - 6-: GM makes a move
     
- Figure em out, Cool. When you try to assess another person.

   On result:
     - 10+: Ask 3
     - 7-9: Ask 1
     - 6-: GM can fuck with you

   Questions you can ask (+1 forward for Persuade):
     - Are they lying?
     - How do they seem to feel?
     - What do they want?
     - How can I persuade them? 

- Give em a hand. When you help another player, they get a +1 to their move. (This is
  the only relationship mechanic I think I'm comfortable adding into the game).

Certain items in possession can add modifiers to these rolls. If you have a
weapon, you may add +1 to an Intimidate roll, for instance. If you're trying to
fix something, having an appropriate tool could add a +1. 

Certain rolls can confer a forward modifier. If you roll +10 on Risk it All,
your next action could get a +1 modifier added to it, for instance. Whereas if
you fail, not only will the GM make a hard move but you could get a -1 modifier
for whatever you were trying to do next.

Some rolls could add a Hold, which is basically a point that can be spent in the
future for a specific purpose. I don't know how to work this in yet.

TODO: extend this
