The world is the primary player character's location. The characters are the
players themselves. The bulk of choice about world-building is therefore in the
choice of zombies used. Here's a few good ones. Since the game starts at hour
zero, some of the finer points of these various types won't really show up. For
instance, Joe McKinney's zombies eventually become pack predators able to hunt
prey strategically, but only after several months.

# Describing the zombies

One of the GM's principles is to humanize everyone, even the zombies. A zombie
is never just a zombie, it is someone who up until recently was someone exactly
like the PC. Every zombie has a backstory that is almost exactly like what the
player is living through. No zombie is boring.

When describing zombies, you may be tempted to go for gory details. Do not add
any details that you are not prepared to explain. If a zombie is missing her
lower jaw, you have to be able to describe how she was ambushed by her children
when she went to pick them up at school. If a zombie is missing a hand, you have
to be able to say it was torn off in the car accident that resulted when he
swerved to avoid hitting a little girl who stumbled into the road in front of
him. Every injury tells a story and that story is something the PC may
experience for themselves very soon.

# Newsflesh zombies

Seanan McGuire's Kellis-Amberlee zombies. Everyone's infected, everyone turns.
Any mammals over 40lbs can turn. People can spontaneously turn. Shamblers, which
appear to hunt in packs.

Exposure to body fluids (such as, say, aresolized blood after bludgeoning a
zombie's head in an enclosed area), can cause viral amplification. A GM hard
move in combat can definitely be that you succeed in decapitating the zombie
beautifully, but inhale a good whiff of enough infected particles that you're
about 2 minutes from turning. 

If players aren't aware they're dealing with this, they're almost certainly
gonna die soon (read her Last Stand of the San Diego Browncoats to see this in
action).

# Joe McKinney zombies

Joe McKinney's Dead City series zombies. Shamblers, spreading infection via
bites. The infected bite kills within an hour. Highly sensitive to noise. 

A bite quickly turns infected, rapidly causing gangrene and fever and pulmonary
edema. Very soon the infected person is no longer mobile and shows significant
cognitive disability. 

# John O'Brian Zombies

John O'Brien's New World zombies. Fast-moving infected, allergic to sunlight,
extremely good sense of smell and hearing.

# Classic Romero zombies

You know these zombies.

# 28 Days Later Zombies

You know these guys too.
