# Apocalyptic Vignettes, a zombie apocalypse RPG.

You play yourself, with what you have on you right this moment, just as the
world starts to fall apart. 

You aren't the protagonist, you're the poor schmuck standing 3 feet to the left
of the Brad Pitt. You're the person in the car, watching the protagonist with
plot armour cinematically slide over the hood to escape the baddie. And you've
got a few seconds to get your kid out of the child seat before the baddie stops
chasing the protagonist and starts trying to crawl through the window.

Powered by the Apocalypse, with a news mechanic for glimpsing bits and pieces of
things falling apart elsewhere.

There is no end game, no narrative arc. You are not the protagonist. This is a
vignette of you, on the worst day of 7 billion people's lives.

# Starting a game 

At the beginning of the game, players roll a d20. The highest number is the
primary player character (PPC). They pat themselves down, look at the room
they're in and peek out the windows, and the game starts in that exact location.
The game takes place in the streets and city of whoever rolled highest.

To prevent jarringly incorrect assumptions (assuming they live in a house rather
than an apartment or such), the PPC can encounter the other players only outside
their starting location. They play themselves, just transported to the PPC's
city. When in doubt, try to make it as easy as possible for the player to be
able to imagine themselves in the situation. For the PPC, they can just look
around the room they're in. For the others, it'll be a lot easier to picture
themselves in a 7/11 or something than standing right on a street they've never
been on.

Different scenarios can of course be used, but the more elaborate and unusual
they are, the more the player will have to extrapolate their character and the
more the character will feel alien to them. Try to keep the scenarios more like
"you're at the cafe you stop by on the way to work every morning" than "you and
your friends win tickets for a cruise to the Bahamas." The simpler and more
mundane the scenario, the less distance there will be between the player and
their character.

# How to play

Check the Dungeon World Guide and the Simple World guide for an introduction to
the game mechanics of PBtA. There are also links to some good articles on GMing
and playing in the GM sheet. I removed some components that seem awkward when
used in a game where a player plays themselves, such as the relationship
mechanic. I changed the Fronts and Threats mechanic to be more chaotic and less
narrative driven.

# License

This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons
Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International
License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0) 
