The 16HP Dragon article describes how, narratively, hitpoints don't matter that
much for the difficulty of fighting a monster.

A dragon's not just a bag of hitpoints. It's a house-sized genius setting the
city on fire, biting massive gouges into people, spraying jets of acid, etc.
Just getting close enough to bang a sword against it is gonna be tough, and
hitting it with a sword won't even trigger a hacknslash because there's no
chance your dinky sword's gonna penetrate its scales.

So: zombies. Zombies don't chew up the scenery, they're not gonna persuade you
or have centuries worth of paranoia in which to set traps. 

You could treat em as bags of hitpoints. D&D would let you say "I try to cut off
its head" and you'd roll some dice, and the DM would roll some dice, etc. But
that's boring, and not very realistic.

One of the GM principles is to make zombies human, and to make the player
excruciatingly aware that they don't have plot armour.

A zombie's not just a bag of hitpoints, or a math problem you solve by rolling
dice at it. It's a small girl hugging your leg, trying to gnaw through your
jeans. It's a heavyset young man, degloving his hand as he tries to claw at you
through the hole in the car window. It's an old woman in a hospital gown and
walker who seems jarringly out of place on the side of the road, until you see
her throat has been torn open.

You could use a sanity metric, but that's again reducing zombies to a math
problem you can solve by throwing dice at.

No. You want the player to be frantically trying to scrape the 10 year old girl
off their leg. Trying desperately not to let the raw meat of the man's hand and
his searching fingers to brush against their face. Trying to process whether
it's worth it to kill the old woman or just keep going. 

You want the zombies to be more than a bag of hitpoints. They're not a math
problem. They're a guy that was just like you until he made the same mistake you
are about to make in the next 5 minutes.
